Welcome to Codex Naturalis!

Play and place your cards carefully to benefit from the resources and the tools to:
    -   Play cards to win immediate points,
    -   Fulfill endgame Goals.
The first player to reach 20 points triggers the end of the game. Do not hesitate to cover and lose resources to develop your play area.

Basic Commands

Here's a list of basic commands you can use to play the game:

Starting Phase:
    1)start-game:
        Creates or joins a game, available only when you are not playing another game

    2)choose-goal:
        Choose your personal Goal (it's secret, only you can see it) between two Goal Options, fulfill this Goal to gain points in end game.
        Available only one time for game.

    3)choose-starter-card-side
        Choose on which side (Front or Back) play your Starter Card. Available only once for game.

Main Phase:
    1)play-card
        Plays one of the card in your hand, you can choose where and on which side play.
        Some cards grant points (if played on front side) but require a certain number of Resources to be played. Available once for turn.

    2)draw-card-deck
        Draws a card from one of the two deck (Gold and Resources). Available once for turn only after you have played a card.
        During Final Turn drawing cards isn't allowed.

    3)draw-card-visible:
        Draws one of the card visible on the table. Available once for turn only after you have played a card.
        During Final Turn drawing cards isn't allowed.


Show Commands:
    1)show-hand:
        shows the card contained in your hand. Always available.

    2)show-my-goal:
        shows your private goal. Always available.

    3)show-public-goals:
        shows the public goals.Always available.

    4)show-my-field:
        shows your field, you can also see the cards in detail

    5)show-field:
        shows the player's field of your choice,you can also see the cards in detail

Chat Commands:
    1)open-private-chat:
        opens the chat with a user, you can read a write message with him privately

    2)open-global-chat
        open the chat with all the user in game

Close Commands:
    1)disconnect:
        Quits the game, after you quit you can't comeback

    2)exit:
        Close the program

Help Commands
    1)help-command:
        Show this text
    2)help-card:
        Show the card tutorial


